Create OpenTelemetry Collector tile (#8089)
DataDog/integrations-core: opentelemetry/README.md

The Datadog Agent is **not** needed to export telemetry data to Datadog.

### Configuration

To export telemetry data to Datadog from the OpenTelemetry Collector add the Datadog exporter to your metrics and traces pipelines.
The only required setting is [your API key][3].

A minimal configuration file to retrieve system metrics is as follows.

``` yaml
receivers:
  hostmetrics:
    scrapers:
      load:
      cpu:
      disk:
      filesystem:
      memory:
      network:
      swap:
      process:

processors:
  batch:
    timeout: 10s

exporters:
  datadog:
    api:
      key: "<Your API key goes here>"
      
service:
  pipelines:
    metrics:
      receivers: [hostmetrics]
      processors: [batch]
      exporters: [datadog]
```

For further information on the Datadog exporter settings visit the [Datadog exporter documentation][4].

Note that to instrument your custom applications you will need to add suitable receivers to this configuration.
For more details on how pipelines and different components work, visit the [OpenTelemetry Collector documentation][5].

### Validation

> Check the OpenTelemetry Collector logs. You should see the Datadog exporter being enabled and started correctly.

Author: I added some example logs (they might look different depending on each users' configuration)

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this check (if using the `hostmetrics` receiver as in the sample configuration above).
> 
> Different groups of metrics can be enabled and customized by following the [hostmetrics receiver instructions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/master/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver).
> CPU and disk metrics are not available on macOS.

Reviewer: The phrase `See metadata.csv for a list of metrics provided by this integration.` is magically converted to a table of metrics in the docs, so let's leave that intact and move the qualifying sentences above it, something like:

```suggestion
The following metrics are provided by this check, if you're using the `hostmetrics` receiver as in the sample configuration above.

Different groups of metrics can be enabled and customized by following the [hostmetrics receiver instructions][7].
CPU and disk metrics are not available on macOS.

See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

### Service Checks

The OpenTelemetry Collector does not include any service checks.

### Events

The OpenTelemetry Collector does not include any events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][1].

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[2]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/getting-started/
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#api
[4]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/master/exporter/datadogexporter/README.md
[5]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/getting-started/

> [6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/opentelemetry/metadata.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/opentelemetry/metadata.csv
[7]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/master/receiver/hostmetricsreceiver
```
